Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), military aircraft that is guided autonomously, by remote control, or both and that carries sensors, target designators, offensive ordnance, or electronic transmitters designed to interfere with or destroy enemy targets.
As autonomous drones are not piloted by humans, a ground control system, or communications management software, plays a major role in their operations, and thus they are also considered part of a UAS.
In addition to the software, autonomous drones also employ a host of advanced technologies that allow them to carry out their missions without human intervention, such as cloud computing, computer vision, artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning, and thermal sensors.[18]
Generally speaking, a drone is any aircraft that doesn't have a pilot in it, whether it is operated by software or by a remote pilot.
 The term UAV generally refers to any military aircraft operated without a pilot that can be reused. This also makes them drones, as they don't have onboard pilots.
 Drones are used in situations where manned flight is considered too risky or difficult.
 They provide troops with a 24-hour "eye in the sky", seven days a week.
 Each aircraft can stay aloft for up to 17 hours at a time, loitering over an area and sending back real-time imagery of activities on the ground.
These are variously sized aircrafts that may be remotely controlled or can fly autonomously
 Unmanned aircraft systems consist of the aircraft component, sensor payloads and a ground control station.
 They can be controlled by onboard electronic equipments or via control equipment from the ground. 
 When it is remotely controlled from ground it is called RPV (Remotely Piloted Vehicle) and requires reliable wireless communication for control.
 Dedicated control systems may be devoted to large UAVs, and can be mounted aboard vehicles or in trailers to enable close proximity to UAVs that are limited by range or communication capabilities
  UAVs are classified based on the altitude range, endurance and weight, and support a wide range of applications including military and commercial applications
	Joint Network for Disaster Relief and Search and Rescue Network Operations
UAVs are used for observation and tactical planning.
This technology is now available for use in the emergency response field to assist the crew members.
UAVs are classified based on the altitude range, endurance and weight, and support a wide range of applications including military and commercial applications.
The smallest categories of UAVs are often accompanied by ground-control stations consisting of laptop computers and other components that are small enough to be carried easily with the aircraft in small vehicles, aboard boats or in backpacks. 
